# Home-Credit-Risk-Analysis
Home Credit B.V. is an international non-bank financial institution founded in 1997 in the Czech Republic and headquartered in Netherlands. The company operates in 9 countries and focuses on instalment lending primarily to people with little or no credit history. As of 30 June 2020, the Group has served over 135.4 million customers.

Home Credit’s Objective:
Their objective is to provide safe and positive borrowing experience for a specific target group mentioned previously as “unbanked”. Hereby taking a higher risk than most common financial lending institutions as they will normally deal with a target group that has been rejected by those common financial lending institutions or that simply do not qualify for such big purposes. In any case, hereby Home Credit B.V will take a higher risk concerning the borrower and his/her ability of paying back the loan (credit risk). While there are other common risks for lending institutions such as liquidity risks and interest risks. This project focuses on the main one, credit risk and credit worthiness. From here we draw our motivation and aim for the project.

Project’s Motivation:
Home Credit is already using various statistical and machine learning methods to make the best predictions as to who will most likely be a defaulter. However, any statistical model is only as good as their input data. For our purposes this means asking the right questions, getting the correct information from possible loan takers, and finding patterns among defaulters and non-defaulters to feed into such statistical methods, but this is only possible after knowing which information is material and which will most benefit the models. This is important as wrong predictions by the model will either end up in Home Credit lending money to people that will default their payments or rejecting clients that would have paid their loans back if given the chance. Here is where we come into the equation and attempt to derive patterns within the given data.
